- [Instructor] When something goes wrong in a batch job,
it's not a pleasant experience.
People are called at all hours of the night
in order to remedy the issues
that occurred within the batch.
Using Spring Batch's skip feature,
we can prevent those off-hour calls
for non-essential issues that may occur within a job.
Some batch jobs can tolerate small errors,
and a single data error shouldn't cause the job to fail.
For example, if we were running a batch process
to send customers coupon codes, it might not be too critical
if a customer with a bad email address
doesn't receive the code.
In these scenarios, we can configure a step
to allow for skips.
Skips allow us to continue processing
when a particular item causes an exception to be thrown.
The job will just ignore the exception
and continue processing.
So let's imagine that we permit skips in this job.
You will notice that processing of our second item
is going to fail.
However, our job is going to continue on processing,
and we will able to complete the batch
without having anybody called in the middle of the night.
Skips are a great way to make batch jobs more resilient
in non-critical jobs.
Let's take a look at how they're configured
in the next lesson.